Welcome to the Electricity of Life,
brought to you by The Thunderbolts
Project™ at Thunderbolts.info
In part 1 of this presentation, Dr.
Jerry Tennant introduced us to his
extraordinary research into the complex
electrical circuitry of the human body.
Since his own remarkable battle
with debilitating illness,
Dr. Tennant has worked to develop a kind
of map of this circuitry, illuminating
its essential connection
to physical well-being.
In the previous episode, Dr.Tennant discussed the
particular significance of the circuitry connecting
teeth to other regions of the body.
The concept of illness arising from
electrical imbalances is, of course,
unconventional in modern
Western medicine.
However, the application of electromagnetic
therapies in healing is not new.
In this conclusion, we asked Dr. Tennant
to begin by discussing some of the
earliest examples of the use of
electromagnetism as a physical remedy.
Well, interesting question.
If you go back in time, in the 1800's and early
1900's, electromagnetic therapies of a variety
of forms were commonplace.
But that changed in about 1910 when Andrew
Carnegie and John D. Rockefeller decided
to become the major investors in the
pharmaceutical industry.
And so they had a report written called the
'Flexner Report' which they then took to Congress.
At that time there were, I think, 13
homeopathic medical schools in this
country and again, most physicians were
using some sort of electromagnetic therapies.
Well, the Flexner Report got Congress to
forbid the use of any federal money for
anyone who said there was energy
in the body, so that that closed
the thirteen homeopathic medical schools
and then, any physician who was using
an electronic device to treat
patients got put in jail.
Well, that set up pretty much of a
chilling effect and that's
how our country stopped looking at
energy in the body and that was the case
until Nixon went to China, saw some of
the people in his entourage undergo
surgery with acupuncture and came back
and told the NIH he wanted
acupuncture to be part of
traditional medicine.
But even though that was what
the NIH was instructed to do, the
people who control medicine in this
country basically continued to ignore it.
So, for example, many states including my
state of Texas forbids the use of
anything that's not standard
of care medicine.
So what is standard of care medicine?
Well, a group of physicians and
insurance people and so forth sat around
a table and said okay, if you make this
diagnosis you must treat it this way.
And originally they said, these
are going to be suggestions in order to
improve the quality of care.
But of course, that wasn't the plan.
The plan was to make those
the law and so it has de facto
become that so if you go to a
physician and the physician says you
have this diagnosis and this diagnosis
code then the physician must treat you
according to those guidelines.
If he doesn't, he loses his license and he's
considered guilty of malpractice de facto.
So even if a physician knows that
that's not going to harm you,
there's nothing to do about it.
Even if the physician knows there's
a better way to treat you
there's nothing to do about it.
Even if 10 universities and medical
schools have proven there's a better
treatment, the physicians can't
use that until that committee says
that it's become standard of care.
Most people don't know that
but what that does then
is, it puts the control of how
medical care is delivered in this
country in the hands of the small group
of people who make up the rules of
standard of care and those are all slanted toward
pharmaceutical surgical medicine, you see.
So that's why people like me have to say
well, everything that I say is using my
Arizona MDH license and
not my Texas license.
Because I'm not allowed in the
state of Texas to tell you what I'm
telling you, I have to use my
Arizona license to do so.
You know, medicine in this
country is the most controlled, most
supervised, most controlled business if
you please, of anything in the country.
No other industry is more controlled
than the practice of medicine.
The effort to push it into things that work
is constantly being suppressed even to the
place of physicians losing their
livelihood in order to prevent that.
Now, even though medical schools, most medical
schools now have a division of
Integrative Medicine where they teach
this, it puts the physician in a very
difficult position because the physician
comes out of medical school knowing that
that's a useful thing to do but the
state medical boards won't allow it.
It's a very difficult thing so what I have to do
is, I practice as a private expressive association.
So the Supreme Court has had
72 different opinions given that
says that legislators make laws to
protect the public but the people in a
private group like a church group, a
sports group and so forth are not the public.
And that any private group may do
anything they want to do as long as what
they do is not a clear and present
danger that rises to the level
of a substantive evil.
You may not have ever
wondered why don't the police arrest
boxers because it's against the law to
go around slugging each other?
Well, it's because boxing clubs are private
expressive associations as defined by the
US Supreme Court and so even though
boxing is a clear and present danger,
it does not rise to the level of a
substantive evil and so they don't get arrested.
However, if religious people sexually
assault their parishioners, that does
rise to the level of a
substantive evil, and therefore the
police can go and arrest a priest, a rabbi
or whatever for sexual abuse, you see.
So for example that's the way I practice.
I don't practice, my practice isn't open
to the public in the sense that if you
want to come see me you must join my
private expressive association to become
a member of my group and then I can tell
you what's in the medical literature rather than
have to treat you with the standard care.
If the health of living
cells is governed by voltage then an
obvious concern in modern society is the
rapidly growing pervasiveness
of wireless technologies.
We asked Dr. Tennant to
identify some of the greatest
obstacles we should be aware of today.
Well, there's no doubt that we have all
sorts of things that affect us.
You know, for example, if I had you hold your
arm straight out and check the push down
on it, you would be strong, and then if I
had you take a wristwatch with a battery
in it and hold it right up against your chest
and I pushed on your arm, you would go weak.
So again, when we put electromagnetic
energy within our
personal magnetic field, it weakens
us, our particular frequencies weaken us.
And so we're being bombarded with
that sort of thing all the time.
Here's the bottom line
of the whole thing.
We are constantly wearing ourselves out,
so you get new cells in the macula of your
eye every 48 hours, the lining of your
guts replaced every three days, the skin
you're sitting in today is six weeks old,
your liver is eight weeks old, and your
nervous system eight months old, so as
cells wear out you have to make new ones.
Or if the cells get damaged some way,
you have to make new ones
so chronic disease
only occurs when you
lose the ability to
make new cells that work.
Let me say that one more time,
chronic disease only
occurs when you lose the ability to make
new cells that work, which leads one to the
question of, well, what's it take
to make new cells that work?
Well, first of all, where cells
run at minus 25 millivolts
of energy it takes minus 50 millivolts
to make a new cell, so you have to have
the voltage, then you have to have
all the parts it takes to make a cell.
You know, if tornado blows your house
down, you can't build a house back
with door knobs and bathroom tiles.
You have to have everything it takes to make
a house and that's one of the big
mistakes people make when they say,
I'm trying to get well, and you say well,
take this stuff!
They come back later and you say well,
are you still taking all this stuff?
No, I just wanted to know what
thing, what one thing works so I've just
been taking one thing at a time.
Well nothing works, you see what I'm
saying, again, that concept of I want
to know what works, won't work because
you have to have everything it takes to
make a cell and that's the nutrition
piece of course. So we have to have 50
millivolts of energy, we have to have all
the parts it takes to make a cell, and we
have to get rid of any toxins that
damage cells as fast as you make them.
So if you don't do all three of those
things, you won't get well.
One then goes in and looks
at each of those
so for example, the voltage piece; we're able
to measure the voltages in the circuits
using something similar to
Nakatani et al. methodology,
but one of the important
things to understand is that it's well
known in battery technology that if
you take a rechargeable battery and you
drain it all the way to zero, it'll flip
itself upside down, it flips the polarity.
So if you take a battery upside down put it
in a battery charger, it won't take a charge
of course. So what we do is we go through
and we can measure the polarity of every
circuit in your body and figure out
which ones are upside-down and those are
the ones where you're going to be sick.
Because you don't have juice and they
are low circuits that are trying to borrow
voltage from the next-door neighbors.
But I like to say, the neighbors will give
you a cup of sugar now and then but they
won't give you three meals a day.
There are two kinds of energy in the universe
that I'm aware of, electromagnetic and
then scalar, and of course scalar has the
ability to reverse the
polarity back to normal.
So we have a device that will do
that, called a bio transducer, and we
simply can put it on one of the
acupuncture spots in the body and all
your batteries get turned back up.
Of course, they're still discharged.
Then we take the bio modulator
which puts out a specific
waveform and recharge your
batteries back up.
Now your battery has power again
and then the body never
forgets how to repair itself, just that
it has to have the power to do it, has to
have the materials to do it.
So no matter what's wrong with you,
again, you asked me
about neurology, nephrology, cardiology,
any of the -ologies.
You treat them all the same way,
because they're all sick
for the same reason, they lost the
ability to make new cells that work
and/or they lost the power to run.
You can't have a heart that works if it's trying to
run on five millivolts instead of 25 millivolts, right?
You can't have a macula
in your eye that works.
All macular degeneration is because you've lost
power in the stomach circuit which is
the power, the stomach circuit, acupuncture
circuit, is the power supply to the macula.
So anytime somebody has
macular degeneration and you
measure it, you always find
there's inadequate power and it's
reversed the polarity in the stomach circuit
whereas glaucoma, the optic
nerves are on a different circuit, it's on
the liver circuit and so every
time you see a glaucoma patient and
measure it, the liver circuit will have
flipped its polarity.
So how do you treat it, you flip the
polarity back, charge the
battery back up and then you figure
out why did the battery lose its
charge in the first place.
Well, there are five basic reasons.
One is that you have to look at the
thyroid hormone, because thyroid
controls the voltage of every cell
membrane in the body, T3 controls the
voltage of the cell membranes and the
number of mitochondria, T2 controls the
function of the mitochondria.
So you always, let's say you don't have a
thyroid hormon, your battery discharges to here.
Now, if you put a scar across one
of your circuits and it touches the
fascia, it shorts it out like any other
electronic short, so wherever you have
scars, that's gonna short out that circuit.
So many women have a C-section
scar which goes right across
the stomach circuit.
The spleen stomach circuit is
the entire reproductive system, the
entire endocrine system, the thinking
part of the brain, the macula of the eye.
OK, so thyroid takes us down to here,
scars take us down to here.
Dental infections; since every circuit
goes through specific teeth if you have
an infection in a tooth that acts like a
resistor and drops the voltage.
All right, dental infections
takes you down to here.
Emotions are stored in the body's
magnetic fields as I discussed in my
lecture to the Electric Universe and all
of us have emotions, but if you have a
wire and you put a magnetic field
around, it blocks the full voltage, that's
how emotions drop our voltage
and make us sick.
Thyroid, scars, dental infections,
emotions, and finally toxins and now your
batteries drain to zero and flip upside
down and there you go, you're sick.
One of the problems with American medicine
is that the scientists say, we have to
isolate everything else and look at just this one
thing to see if it's the cause of the disease.
It almost never is.
Almost all diseases are multifactorial.
That's why we're having such a hard time in
American medicine, finding the cause
because it's almost always several
causes that flip the voltage.
Then, when you don't have
voltage, as voltage drops,
oxygen drops because the amount of
oxygen that will dissolve in a liquid
is dictated by the voltage of the liquid.
When you lose voltage, you lose oxygen.
When you lose oxygen, your metabolism
becomes inefficient, infections show up,
and when you get to plus 30 millivolts
you have cancer, as simple as that.